You wake with a start. Surveying your surroundings you see you are laying on the dirty floor of a small room lit only buy a torch. You are completely unaware of how you’d gotten here.  Raising your hand you feel a gash on your head and realize you have a thick, decaying broken noose bound tightly around your neck. You look around the room to figure out where you are. Seeing a pile of cardboard boxes in the far corner, a metal door with a small shattered window at its center(1) Behind you there is a cabinet with its doors missing and the shelves filled with seemingly random items(2). But most concerning was the trail of blood leading out and under the wooden door(3). Your only memory: A voice saying “Don’t Stop.”
Surely the door without blood is the way to go. Walking up to it you peer through the broken window but see nothing. You twist the knob painstakingly slowly, hoping that who or whatever else could be in the house didn’t hear you. Before you, is a long dark hallway. You walk down the hallway careful not to make too much sound. You hear a subtle breathing sound. It’s barely audible, but the building is so quiet you can’t help but hear it. It sounds like it’s coming from above you- no, in front of you- or maybe behind you? Your heartbeat quickens. You can’t help but start walking faster, wanting to put distance between you and the noise. Ahead you see three paths: a stairway leading up(1), a door on the left that has been opened a crack(2), and a stairway leading down(3).
-
As you turn the silver knob you hear the click of the latch unhooking and begin pushing the door outwards. It makes a small creak when you open it but luckily opens with relative ease. Peering around the door, looking left and seeing nothing but darkness. And to the right you see a door with light coming from underneath. You decide to slowly step out into the hallway. Heart beating fast, palms sweating, and knees trembling you notice something sticky beneath your feet and look down hesitantly. To your dismay the blood leading out and under the door is still wet and slightly warm. You begin panicking, do you… (1) Run for the door? Or (2) Follow blood?
You ascend the stairs which look like they’ve been ripped right out of a Victorian era mansion. Majestic stone lions lay at the feet of the stairs, looking equal parts ferocious and elegant. Half the steps are either so rotten they look as if they would collapse into dust if you stepped on them and others are missing entirely, with nothing below but darkness. Your heart races as you carefully climb the steps, but you sigh with relief as the breathing recedes. The feeling is quickly replaced by a new dread however. The top reveals only two ways forward; an eerie child’s playroom coated with a slight layer of moonlight(1); and a room completely dark except for the tip of a bedpost illuminated by the dim light from the stairwell(2).
-
You slip into the pitch black room. You feel your way around, trying to make a mental picture of your surroundings. As your eyes adjust you just barely see the outline of a ladder going up through a hatch in the ceiling. Scanning the room you see no other exits. Just as you are about to start towards the ladder you notice the bed. Your heart almost jumps out of your chest as you realize there is a figure lying down on the bed. You almost scream in horror from its appearance alone. It has two legs, two arms and a head like a human, but its skin is grey and gaunt like it hadn’t had water in years. Its arms and legs were twice as long as a normal persons with its fingers ending in black sharp nails. The real horror was its head though. It looked like a writhing mass of worms were living on the outside, covered in at least a dozen red eyes. You feel a shiver going down your spine, praying the creature was actually asleep despite its eyes all being open. As silently as you can you creep past the bed, and rung by rung you ascend the ladder. (PRESS 1)
As you get to the top of the ladder you see you have entered an attic that contains nothing but 2 wardrobes. You scan the room hoping you’ll find something else, anything that could help you escape or fight but the attic is barren. You hear the breathing behind you again and you your heartbeat quickens. Somehow you know that your only option is to hide in a wardrobe. Question is, which one. They are both simple two-door wooden wardrobes at least ten feet tall with an almost divine feel, as if they were the doors to hell or heaven. The left is covered in bears that are carved in with the most detail possible(1). They are depicted mostly you realize in scenes of them killing their prey; sometimes even humans. The right is more of the same gory scenes but with hulking lions instead of bears(2).
You open and crawl into the wardrobe just as the breathing sounds like it is right behind you. The inside is filled with coats and you feel like you’re being suffocated in the sea of fabric. You try to swim your way to the back as to hide yourself in case the creature could open the door, but as you move through the mass you are stopped by your back hitting something, and it isn’t the wooden wall of the wardrobe. You open your mouth to cry out, but long fingers clamp onto your neck and squeeze before any air can come out. -See you in another life-
You open and crawl into the wardrobe just as the breathing sounds like it is right behind you. You feel like you’re being suffocated by the thick wool coats that seem to take up the entire space. Although it is slow progress you manage to scoot backwards away from the doors. You continue going backwards for what feels like far too long for the size of the piece of furniture you are crawling through until you suddenly fall. Your head erupts into pain as you smack it on the floor of what must have been at least an eight foot fall. Adrenaline pumping, you jump up and realize you’ve somehow landed on a first floor balcony. You vault the railing and peer over the edge. Only about a ten foot fall. Hearing a deadly snarl somewhere behind you snaps your body into action and you jump off the side, rolling into a run through the yard, and off the property. -You’ve escaped-
You push open the door and quickly shut it behind you. Turning around you have the horrible realization you are not alone. After a brief pause, the breathing starts again, created by whatever is standing before you. You examine the being, terror creeping over you. It looks like a human with dry, grey skin that is beginning to rot. Its arms and legs are inhumanly long, with its fingers ending in long black nails that look like they could do a lot of damage. The monster’s head looked like if a writhing mass of worms had taken to living over the entire head and was dotted by many blood-red eyes. After a moment of hesitation you move your hand to the handle of the door to leave- and in an instant the creature leaps towards you! Before you can react, its long grey hands close around your neck and throttle the life out of you. -See you in another life-
You descend the staircase hoping to find a way out as quickly as possible. The lower floor is just as dark with the only source of light being the moon. In the corner you see the vague outline of a door with a large padlock that could be the garage(1). Also you see an archway leading to what could be the family room(2). Most enticing of all is the front door which leads straight to the front yard(3).
You walk towards the padlocked door, careful not to kick anything or make any unnecessary noise. You pull the key out of your pocket and try it in the lock- A perfect fit! Setting the lock down besides the door you open it and slide inside. The garage looks like a normal garage, except that there are dozens of power tools. Many of the saws and drills are stained red with what could be rust; or blood. The only other things of note are an enormous freezer and an old Suburban. You try the garage door button but of course it does nothing. You see another door leading out(2), and there is a car with the right passenger door hanging open(1).
You open the door farther and slowly stick your head in expect something terrible to happen to you. To your relief nothing jumps out or grabs you, but there is a motionless figure in the front seat. As your eyes adjust you see it’s in fact an unconscious girl in the seat. It could be a trap, but you couldn’t just leave someone to die. You reach up to the front and get to work on her bonds. As you are untying the last knot she stirs and opens her eyes- You immediately cover her mouth and whisper “Don’t worry, I’m here to help.” She nods and waits for you to pull the nasty ropes off of her before thanking you. “I owe you one. Quickly, I don’t know how I know this but we have to climb into the freezer before ‘they’ get here.” You can trust this complete stranger who was in an even worse place than yourself and hide(1), or you can keep going through the next door(2).
How could you trust a random person who was tied up and unconscious. It could clearly be a trap or she could just be crazy. You shake your head and get moving. As you open the door you see her opening the fridge and lifting herself in with a sad expression on her face. The room you find yourself in has rows and rows of shelves with an assortment of creepy objects. One is stacked high with filthy teddy bears; another with arms and legs of dolls. A sudden crash from behind you snaps you out of your staring and back to getting away. As you round a corner you are face to face with a wall. Dead end. You turn around, throat closing up in panic, and standing before you is a figure. You can’t make out its features, but its not human. You can’t bring yourself to move your muscles, paralyzed by fear and shock. The figure walks towards you and reaches out, inhuman arms drawing closer to your exposed neck, and you black out. -See you in another life-
You shake your head at what you’re about to do, but for once the feeling to keep moving like there’s something right behind you has let off. You follow her towards the massive freezer, and she opens it. The door creaks in protest as if it doesn’t want to shelter you, but you grab the edge and climb in anyway and lay down flat against the icy bottom. The girl climbs in after you closing the door with another squeal of protest. She lays down next to you, shivering. As you are about to whisper a question to her you hear a massive crash, like the door is being smashed open. You hear a fierce snarl. The sound is angry and almost frustrated, like it lost your scent. You hear glass shattering the the car’s alarm go off. The girl tenses up next to you and sharply intakes a breath. If you wouldn’t have helped her she surely would’ve been dead by now. The snarling and crashing continues and you’re sure the freezer would be opened and it would be it for the two of you, but at the same time you almost feel safe. Your heart rate stays steady and sure enough after another minute you hear another door smashed open and after a few seconds the girl, who had been motionless the past few minutes, suddenly grabs your wrist and says “Now!” The two of you burst out of the freezer and run back through the door you came from, although now it was just splinters. She ignores the front door and runs straight into the family room, going straight to a boarded up window. “Help me pry these off!” she hisses. (PRESS 1)
You walk into the family room and almost throw up. Strewn around the room are at least a half dozen crumpled bodies. There is no blood and gore, but all of the bodies are lying face up, faces twisted in expressions of terror and pain, and all of their necks are black with bruises. Your heartbeat quickens to a painful pace. You know how the monster kills. (PRESS 1)
You look around for a way out trying to ignore the urge to curl up in a corner and lose it. You see nothing but a boarded up window and the archway leading back to the foot of the stairs. You think furiously. Do you have the strength or time to pull the boards off the windows to get climb through? For some reason you just have the horrible feeling that turning around and going back would get you killed no matter what. The answer becomes clear when you hear footsteps coming down the stairs; heavier than any human steps. With renewed dread you start towards the window hoping to avoid the fate of the unlucky bodies in the room with you. (PRESS 1)
-
You run up and begin to pull on the first board. You realize you can barely grasp the plank from the fear swirling through your being. Arms quivering with both fear and exertion you slowly pull the boards off. You have to work faster! One by one you slide them out of the wall and they clatter to the floor. The noise doesn’t matter, because you know the monster knows where you are at this point. You can make it! There only two planks between you and freedom! As the second to last come out of the wall you feel the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. You try to pull furiously, but your fingers slip from how scared you are you fall on your back. You scream like a cornered animal and jump back up to pull the board but as you do you feel cold fingers clasp around your neck. You try to scream again, but the fingers clamp down like a vice and no sound comes out… -See you in another life-
This is your chance. The door is right there! You dash over and grab the handle with a smile on your face. It’s stuck! No wait- you’re stuck. The handle isn’t turning because you aren’t moving. The only thing moving is your heart. It races with panic, but your mouth is still grinning. You try to tear your hand off the door but to no avail, and moments later you feel hot breath against your neck, and then cold hands clamp down around your neck and squeeze. -See you in another life-
You begin sprinting towards the door. Not knowing what's on the other side you just hope it better than where you are now. As you reach for the handle you hear something behind you, and too afraid to look back you open the door faster than you’ve ever opened any other door in your life. In the room there’s nothing but the light swinging from the ceiling. No windows, no doors. Not a single thing. The creature is coming closer and closer. You’ve just become a wonderful snack. You’ve made the wrong choice. -See you in another life-
Each step is painstakingly slow as you trudge through the blood. Thoughts are racing through your head. Whose blood is this? Why is the blood even here? Could I be next? You follow the blood deeper into the dark hallway and eventually you can’t see where you’re going so you rely entirely on the blood under your feet. After what feels like forever you see a light coming around a corner ahead. Hoping it will lead you to your escape you begin walking faster and faster. As you turn the corner there’s a tall black shadow like figure in front of you. It has no distinct features, yet you can hear it breathing. Do you… (2) Hide in closet? Or (1) See what it does?
You stand there motionless, waiting to see what the figure will do. After some time, you decide to try and communicate with it. Yet just as you’re about to speak it steps forward and says -- Answer me correctly and you will be aided. If incorrect, meet your fate.
That is … incorrect. See you in another life.
That is … correct. You been given a small green potion. Wait for the right moment, for if taken to early; consequences will ensue. Do you... (1) Run? Or (2) Hide?
Not knowing what the figure will do next, you turn in the opposite direction and sprint as fast as you can. Running through a hallway with several turns and no doors or windows. Eventually you reach the kitchen, which at first glance is seemingly normal. But then...then you realize it’s anything but normal. The fruit bowl is full of various limbs and the sink has a severed head basking in soap water. Not wanting to stay any longer you begin sprinting again.
You slowly back away from the figure. Keeping an eye on it at all times. Eventually backing into the room on your left. To your surprise it seems entirely normal. There’s a race car bed with Buzz lightyear sheets, a shelf with complete lego builds and a desk with some papers scattered across it. You decide hiding under the bed is the best option. You struggle to get under, but you feel confident as you are completely hidden. Laying there you begin thinking about your family back home, you decide you must survive this. Not just for you, but for those back home. You have a choice to make now. You could lay in wait until the creature leaves(1). Or, you think, feeling the glass bottle in your pocket, you could drink the potion hoping its content will help you confront the creature or escape(2).
You decide its best to keep hiding and try to wait out the figure and creatures for a while. Though you are extremely uncomfortable you keep laying there motionless, trying to breath as quietly as possible. Several minutes pass and you don’t hear a thing and after some internal debates with yourself you decide to check the hallway. You begin inching out from under the bed and just as your head comes out from under the bed frame, you hear the same breathing again. Right behind you. You know what it is yet you are to afraid to look back. Hoping it won’t hurt you if you don’t move you lay there on the floor so incredibly anxious you can’t stop shaking. Then all of a sudden you feel something cold running along either side of your head. It feels almost like a .. like a hand. A hand running along your cheeks. Nearing closer and closer to your eyes until eventually everything fades to black. See you in another life.

As you burst into the room to your left you see a closet in the corner. Deciding it to be your best option you hide in it and close the doors behind you. Though you realize it’s rather difficult to get in you -/- Program received signal SIGSEGV: Segmentation fault. MUST PRESS 1 -/-
